Add a note for custom regions (#283)
minio/cookbook: docs/apache-spark-with-minio.md

--conf spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.impl=org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.S3AFileSystem
```

> Here, we're using the Delta Lake release `0.5.0` with Scala `2.11` release, while the `s3a` fields based on the MinIO cluster. After you run this and get the Spark console, you can run delta and Spark APIs. Refer Delta Lake [storage configuration docs](https://docs.delta.io/latest/delta-storage.html) here. To test if you can use the delta API, use the below commands in spark console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we are using Delta Lake release `0.5.0` with Scala `2.11` release, while the `s3a` fields are based on the MinIO cluster. After you run this and get the Spark console, you can run delta and Spark APIs. Refer Delta Lake [storage configuration docs](https://docs.delta.io/latest/delta-storage.html) here. To test if you can use the delta API, use the commands given below in spark console
```

```sh
spark.range(5).write.format("delta").save("s3a://spark-test/delta")
```

To check if the reads are working fine, attempt reading the file we created in write test.

```sh
val df = spark.read.format("delta").load("s3a://spark-test/delta")
df.show()
```

## 7. Configuration Notes

### MinIO server configured with HTTPS

In case you are planning to use self-signed certificates for testing purposes, you'll need to add these certificates to local JRE `cacerts`. You can do this using

```sh
keytool -import -trustcacerts -keystore $JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/security/cacerts -storepass changeit -noprompt -alias mycert -file /home/username/.minio/certs/public.crt
```

Also, change the scheme to `https` in `spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.endpoint` field while passing to `spark-shell`.

### MinIO server with custom region

> If you're using MinIO with a custom region (instead of default region `us-east-1`), you'll need to use endpoint with relevant region added. For example, if your MinIO server is running with region `ap-southeast-1` at `http://localhost:9000`, then `spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.endpoint` flag should be set to `http://s3.ap-southeast-1.localhost:9000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using MinIO with a custom region (instead of default region `us-east-1`), you'll need to use endpoint with relevant region added. For example, if your MinIO server is running with region `ap-southeast-1` at `http://localhost:9000`, then `spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.endpoint` flag should be set to `http://s3.ap-southeast-1.localhost:9000`.
```

> However, please do note that this approach will not work if you're passing MinIO server's IP address in the `spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.endpoint` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, please do note that this approach will not work if you are passing MinIO server's IP address in the `spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.endpoint` flag.
```
